README.md, before:

# Material Maker

This is a tool based on [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/) that can
be used to create textures procedurally and paint 3D models.

Its user interface is based on Godot's GraphEdit node: textures and brushes are
described as interconnected nodes.

## Download

- **[Download on itch.io](https://rodzilla.itch.io/material-maker)**

On Windows, you can also install Material Maker using [Scoop](https://scoop.sh):

```text
scoop bucket add extras
scoop install material-maker
```
... or [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) (default or portable install):
```text
choco install material-maker
```
```text
choco install material-maker.portable
```

Can't wait for next release? Automated builds from master branch are available (use at your own risk):

<a href="https://github.com/RodZill4/material-maker/actions">
    <img src="https://github.com/RodZill4/material-maker/workflows/dev-desktop-builds/badge.svg" alt="Build Passing" />
</a>

## Documentation

- **[User manual](https://rodzill4.github.io/material-maker/doc/)**

## Translations

Translation files can be installed using the **Install** button in the **Preferences** dialog.

- [Chinese translation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RodZill4/material-maker/f1be50b21a0f4991ac39e12a5362f5c5eb4c83a0/material_maker/locale/translations/zh.csv) (Created by **free_king**)

## Community

- **[Discord server](https://discord.gg/PF5V3mFwFM)**
- **[Material Maker subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/MaterialMaker/)**

## Screenshot

![Screenshot](material_maker/doc/images/screenshot.png)

## License

Copyright (c) 2018-2021 Rodolphe Suescun and contributors

Unless otherwise specified, files in this repository are licensed under the
MIT license. See [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for more information.

Commit message:

Added new nothke's changes in readme

README.md, after:

### Nothke's improvements:

- Material preview textures now without filtering (in all resolutions). Ideal for big pixel art sheets
- Delete nodes on X (just like in blender!)
- Move nodes on G (just like in blender!)

# Material Maker

This is a tool based on [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/) that can
be used to create textures procedurally and paint 3D models.

Its user interface is based on Godot's GraphEdit node: textures and brushes are
described as interconnected nodes.

## Download

- **[Download on itch.io](https://rodzilla.itch.io/material-maker)**

On Windows, you can also install Material Maker using [Scoop](https://scoop.sh):

```text
scoop bucket add extras
scoop install material-maker
```
... or [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) (default or portable install):
```text
choco install material-maker
```
```text
choco install material-maker.portable
```

Can't wait for next release? Automated builds from master branch are available (use at your own risk):

<a href="https://github.com/RodZill4/material-maker/actions">
    <img src="https://github.com/RodZill4/material-maker/workflows/dev-desktop-builds/badge.svg" alt="Build Passing" />
</a>

## Documentation

- **[User manual](https://rodzill4.github.io/material-maker/doc/)**

## Translations

Translation files can be installed using the **Install** button in the **Preferences** dialog.

- [Chinese translation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RodZill4/material-maker/f1be50b21a0f4991ac39e12a5362f5c5eb4c83a0/material_maker/locale/translations/zh.csv) (Created by **free_king**)

## Community

- **[Discord server](https://discord.gg/PF5V3mFwFM)**
- **[Material Maker subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/MaterialMaker/)**

## Screenshot

![Screenshot](material_maker/doc/images/screenshot.png)

## License

Copyright (c) 2018-2021 Rodolphe Suescun and contributors

Unless otherwise specified, files in this repository are licensed under the
MIT license. See [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for more information.
