material_maker/doc/material_nodes.rst, before:

Material nodes
--------------

Material nodes are a specific type of shader nodes, with the following differences:

* their outputs cannot be connected in the material graph, but are used to generate
  image files when exporting

* they define a preview shader used in the Preview Panel and to generate preview for
  the website

* they define export targets for the material

There can be only one material node in a material graph.

A material node can be made editable using the *Control+W* keyboard shortcut.

Editing a material node will show the **Material Editor** window.

Creating and modifying Material nodes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Material nodes have a node editor dialog with additional tabs:

* a **Preview** tab where a shader can be defined for the 3D preview of the material

* an **Export** tab where export targets can be created with the definition of all
  files that must be generated

* a **Custom** tab where text filter functions can be defined in GDScript to be used
  in the export templates 

.. image:: images/material_editor_general.png
	:align: center

Preview
~~~~~~~

The preview tab can be used to define a shader in Godot Shading Language for the
3D preview.

Specific directives can be used to insert code generated from inputs and parameters:

* **$begin_generate** /  **$end_generate** can be used to define sections where
  parameters and inputs (prtefixed with a $ character) are replaced with
  corresponding generated code.
* **$definitions** can be used to generate all definitions (of uniforms, functions,
  etc.) necessary for all generated code.

Exports
~~~~~~~

The exports tab can be used to create export targets for the material.

.. image:: images/material_editor_export.png
	:align: center

Export targets can be created, removed, duplicated, and their main file extension
defined. 

For each export target, it is possible to define several generated files.

Each file has a name (where **$(path_prefix)** is replaced), and an optional
condition that can be used to skip useless generated files. Supported conditions
are in the form **$(connected:input_name)**.

There are 4 types of generated files:

* Texture files, that are defined by an output index. The corresponding output
  will be rendered and saved as a file. Supported formats are PNG and EXR.

* Template files are text files, modified using the following directives:

  * **$begin_generate** / **$end_generate** can be used to define sections where
    parameters and inputs (prtefixed with a $ character) are replaced with
    corresponding generated code. Those sections accept a list of keywords that
    describe text filters to be applied to the section. Predefined filters are
    **float_uniform_to_const**, **rename_buffers**, **unity**, **unreal**...
  
  * **$definitions** can be used to generate all definitions (of uniforms, functions,
    etc.) necessary for all generated code. Filters are also accepted.
  
  * **$if** / **$fi** sections can be used to remove parts of the generated files,
    using the file condition syntax described above.

  * **$begin_buffers** / **$end_buffers** sections repeat their contents for each
    buffer used in generated shaders. In those sections, **$(file_prefix)** and 
    **$(buffer_index)** will be replaced with their values.
  
* Buffer files are similar to Texture files and are generated for each
  buffer used in generated shaders. In the file name, **$(file_prefix)** and 
  **$(buffer_index)** will be replaced with their values.

* Buffer templates are Templates defined for each buffer used in generated shaders.

Custom
~~~~~~

The custom tab can be used to create custom text filters for **$begin_generate** /
**$end_generate** and **$definitions** sections in GDScript.

Commit message:

Updated predefined material nodes and added documentation.

material_maker/doc/material_nodes.rst, after:

Material nodes
--------------

Material nodes are a specific type of shader nodes, with the following differences:

* their outputs cannot be connected in the material graph, but are used to generate
  image files when exporting

* they define a preview shader used in the Preview Panel and to generate preview for
  the website

* they define export targets for the material

There can be only one material node in a material graph.

.. image:: images/material_node.png
	:align: center

The type of material can be modified using the context menu. custom material nodes
can also be copied and pasted using this menu.

A material node can be made editable using the *Control+W* keyboard shortcut.
This shows buttons to edit, load and save the node.

Editing a material node will show the **Material Editor** window.

Creating and modifying Material nodes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Material nodes have a node editor dialog with additional tabs:

* a **Preview** tab where a shader can be defined for the 3D preview of the material

* an **Export** tab where export targets can be created with the definition of all
  files that must be generated

* a **Custom** tab where text filter functions can be defined in GDScript to be used
  in the export templates 

.. image:: images/material_editor_general.png
	:align: center

Preview
~~~~~~~

The preview tab can be used to define a shader in Godot Shading Language for the
3D preview.

Specific directives can be used to insert code generated from inputs and parameters:

* **$begin_generate** /  **$end_generate** can be used to define sections where
  parameters and inputs (prtefixed with a $ character) are replaced with
  corresponding generated code.
* **$definitions** can be used to generate all definitions (of uniforms, functions,
  etc.) necessary for all generated code.

Exports
~~~~~~~

The exports tab can be used to create export targets for the material.

.. image:: images/material_editor_export.png
	:align: center

Export targets can be created, removed, duplicated, and their main file extension
defined. 

For each export target, it is possible to define several generated files.

Each file has a name (where **$(path_prefix)** is replaced), and an optional
condition that can be used to skip useless generated files. Supported conditions
are in the form **$(connected:input_name)**.

There are 4 types of generated files:

* Texture files, that are defined by an output index. The corresponding output
  will be rendered and saved as a file. Supported formats are PNG and EXR.

* Template files are text files, modified using the following directives:

  * **$begin_generate** / **$end_generate** can be used to define sections where
    parameters and inputs (prtefixed with a $ character) are replaced with
    corresponding generated code. Those sections accept a list of keywords that
    describe text filters to be applied to the section. Predefined filters are
    **float_uniform_to_const**, **rename_buffers**, **unity**, **unreal**...
  
  * **$definitions** can be used to generate all definitions (of uniforms, functions,
    etc.) necessary for all generated code. Filters are also accepted.
  
  * **$if** / **$fi** sections can be used to remove parts of the generated files,
    using the file condition syntax described above.

  * **$begin_buffers** / **$end_buffers** sections repeat their contents for each
    buffer used in generated shaders. In those sections, **$(file_prefix)** and 
    **$(buffer_index)** will be replaced with their values.
  
* Buffer files are similar to Texture files and are generated for each
  buffer used in generated shaders. In the file name, **$(file_prefix)** and 
  **$(buffer_index)** will be replaced with their values.

* Buffer templates are Templates defined for each buffer used in generated shaders.

Custom
~~~~~~

The custom tab can be used to create custom text filters for **$begin_generate** /
**$end_generate** and **$definitions** sections in GDScript.
