material_maker/doc/node_transform.rst, before:

Transform node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The **Transform** node applies a scale operation, a rotation and a translation to the input image.

.. image:: images/node_transform.png
	:align: center

Inputs
++++++

The **Transform** node accepts a color image as input.

It also accepts a greyscale input image for each transform parameter. In that case,
instead of applying a uniform transform to the input image, the transform parameter
will, for each pixel, be multiplied by a value from -1 to 1 that depends linearly
on the corresponding greyscale input image (a black pixel will multiply the parameter
by -1, a white pixel will not change the parameter, a grey50 pixel will set it to 0).

Outputs
+++++++

The **Transform** node outputs the transformed image.

The input image is first rotated around its center, then the scale operation is applied and
finally the translation.

Using the scale operation to zoom on a detail of the input image is only recommended if the
input does not rely on resolution dependant nodes.

Parameters
++++++++++

The **Transform** node has the following parameters:

* *Translate X* and *Translate Y* define the translation.

* *Rotate* define the rotation expressed in degrees.

* *Scale X* and *Scale Y* define the scale operations along the X and Y axes.

* If *Repeat* is checked, zooming out will repeat the image, otherwise it will be clamped.

Example images
++++++++++++++

.. image:: images/node_transform_samples.png
	:align: center

Commit message:

Started updating docs for variadic nodes

material_maker/doc/node_transform.rst, after:

Transform node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The **Transform** node is variadic and applies a scale operation, a rotation and a
translation to the input images.

.. image:: images/node_transform.png
	:align: center

Inputs
++++++

The **Transform** node accepts one or more color images as input.

It also accepts a greyscale input image for each transform parameter. In that case,
instead of applying a uniform transform to the input image, the transform parameter
will, for each pixel, be multiplied by a value from -1 to 1 that depends linearly
on the corresponding greyscale input image (a black pixel will multiply the parameter
by -1, a white pixel will not change the parameter, a grey50 pixel will set it to 0).

Outputs
+++++++

The **Transform** node outputs the transformed inputs images.

The input images are first rotated around its center, then the scale operation is applied and
finally the translation.

Using the scale operation to zoom on a detail of the input image is only recommended if the
input does not rely on resolution dependant nodes.

Parameters
++++++++++

The **Transform** node has the following parameters:

* *Translate X* and *Translate Y* define the translation.

* *Rotate* define the rotation expressed in degrees.

* *Scale X* and *Scale Y* define the scale operations along the X and Y axes.

* If *Repeat* is checked, zooming out will repeat the image, otherwise it will be clamped.

Example images
++++++++++++++

.. image:: images/node_transform_samples.png
	:align: center
