material_maker/doc/node_transform_tiler_advanced.rst, before:

Advanced Tiler node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The **Advanced Tiler** node tiles several instances of its input with optional scale and rotation variations.
Overlapping instances are mixed with each other using a *lighten* filter.

The **Advanced Tiler** also has a color version whose input is in RGBA format.

While the **Tiler** nodes has parameters to randomize the result, the **Advanced Tiler**
only randomized selected images from atlases, and generated color maps if color map
inputs are not connected

.. image:: images/node_transform_tiler_advanced.png
	:align: center

Inputs
++++++

The **Advanced Tiler** node accepts two inputs:

* The *Source* inputs is the image to be splat into the output.
* The *Mask* input is a greyscale image that is used as a mask and affects each instance's value.
* The *Color map* inputs 1 and 2 are RGBA maps used as inputs to generate instance map outputs.
* The *Translate X* and *Translate Y* input maps are used to offset each instance.
* The *Rotate* input map is used to rotate each instance.
* The *Scale X* and *Scale Y* input maps are used to scale each instance.

The **Remap** node can be used to generate input maps (*Translate X*, *Translate Y*, *Rotate*,
*Scale X* and *Scale Y*) easily. It takes a greyscale image as input and defines the
target interval and a step for the output values.

The **HeightToAngle** node can be used to easily generate a *Rotate* map from a
heightmap. All instances will be rotated depending on the slope. When using this
node to generate the *Rotate* map, the *Rotate* parameter must be set to 180.

Outputs
+++++++

The **Advanced Tiler** node outputs the splat image and 2 instance color maps.

Parameters
++++++++++

The **Advanced Tiler** node accepts the following parameters:

* *Tile X* and *Tile Y*, the number of columns and rows of of the tile pattern.
* *Overlap* is the number of overlapping instances for each instance.
* *Inputs* is the number of alternate shapes in the input (1, 4 or 16). Images containing several
  shapes can easily be created using the **Tile2x2** node.
* The *Translate X* and *Translate Y* parameters are used to offset each instance.
* The *Rotate* parameter is used to rotate each instance.
* The *Scale X* and *Scale Y* parameters are used to scale each instance.

The *Translate X*, *Translate Y*, *Rotate*, *Scale X* and *Scale Y* are multiplied
with their corresponding input map.

Example images
++++++++++++++

.. image:: images/node_transform_tiler_samples.png
	:align: center

Commit message:

fixes a few typos in Adv Tiler description and added a remap example

material_maker/doc/node_transform_tiler_advanced.rst, after:

Advanced Tiler node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The **Advanced Tiler** node tiles several instances of its input with optional scale and rotation variations.
Overlapping instances are mixed with each other using a *lighten* filter.

The **Advanced Tiler** also has a color version whose input is in RGBA format.

While the **Tiler** nodes has parameters to randomize the result, the **Advanced Tiler**
only randomizes selected images from atlases, and generated color maps if color map
inputs are not connected

.. image:: images/node_transform_tiler_advanced.png
	:align: center

Inputs
++++++

The **Advanced Tiler** node accepts nine inputs:

* The *Source* inputs is the image to be splatted into the output.
* The *Mask* input is a greyscale image that is used as a mask and affects each instance's value.
* The *Color map* inputs 1 and 2 are RGBA maps used as inputs to generate instance map outputs.
* The *Translate X* and *Translate Y* input maps are used to offset each instance.
* The *Rotate* input map is used to rotate each instance.
* The *Scale X* and *Scale Y* input maps are used to scale each instance.

The **Remap** node can be used to generate input maps (*Translate X*, *Translate Y*, *Rotate*,
*Scale X* and *Scale Y*) easily. It takes a greyscale image as input and defines the
target interval and a step for the output values. For example; using random noise through a
**Remap** node to drive a *Rotate* input set to 180, you could set it's *Min* value to -1,
it's *Max* value to 1 and it's *Step* value to 0.5 and you would get randomly rotated instances
snapped to 90 degree intervals.

The **HeightToAngle** node can be used to easily generate a *Rotate* map from a
heightmap. All instances will be rotated depending on the slope. When using this
node to generate the *Rotate* map, the *Rotate* parameter must be set to 180.

Outputs
+++++++

The **Advanced Tiler** node outputs the splat image and 2 instance color maps.

Parameters
++++++++++

The **Advanced Tiler** node accepts the following parameters:

* *Tile X* and *Tile Y*, the number of columns and rows of of the tile pattern.
* *Overlap* is the number of overlapping instances for each instance.
* *Inputs* is the number of alternate shapes in the input (1, 4 or 16). Images containing several
  shapes can easily be created using the **Tile2x2** node.
* The *Translate X* and *Translate Y* parameters are used to offset each instance.
* The *Rotate* parameter is used to rotate each instance.
* The *Scale X* and *Scale Y* parameters are used to scale each instance.

The *Translate X*, *Translate Y*, *Rotate*, *Scale X* and *Scale Y* are multiplied
with their corresponding input map.

Example images
++++++++++++++

.. image:: images/node_transform_tiler_samples.png
	:align: center
