material_maker/doc/node_transform_custom_uv.rst, before:

Custom UV node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The **Custom UV** node deforms an input image according to a custom UV map given as input.

.. image:: images/node_transform_custom_uv.png
	:align: center

Inputs
++++++

The **Custom UV** node accepts two inputs:

* The *Source* inputs is the image to be deformed.

* The *UV* input is a color image whose red and green channels are used as
  U and V (X and Y in texture space) coordinates, and the blue channel holds
  a value to be used for pseudo-random scale and rotate transforms.

Outputs
+++++++

The **Custom UV** node outputs the deformed image.

Parameters
++++++++++

The **Custom UV** node accepts the following parameters:

* *Inputs* is the number of alternate shapes in the input (1, 4 or 16). Images containing several
  shapes can easily be created using the **Tile2x2** node.

* *Scale X and Scale Y* are the scale along X and Y axes applied to each instance.

* *Rnd Rotate* is the maximum angle of the random rotation applied to each instance.

* *Rnd Scale* is the amount of random scaling applied to each instance.

* *UV Mode* defines the behavior beyond the limits for the input UV:

    * **Clamp** stretches the edges
    * **Repeat** tiles the input UV
    * **Extend** shows parts of the input UV that are beyond the edges

* *Variations*: if checked, the node will deform different variations of its input
  (i.e. roll a different seed for each instance)

Commit message:

Make Custom UV variadic and update docs

material_maker/doc/node_transform_custom_uv.rst, after:

Custom UV node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The **Custom UV** node is variadic and deforms one or more input images
according to a custom UV map given as input.

.. image:: images/node_transform_custom_uv.png
	:align: center

Inputs
++++++

The **Custom UV** node accepts two inputs:

* The *Source* inputs is the image to be deformed.

* The *UV* input is a color image whose red and green channels are used as
  U and V (X and Y in texture space) coordinates, and the blue channel holds
  a value to be used for pseudo-random scale and rotate transforms.

Outputs
+++++++

The **Custom UV** node outputs the deformed image.

Parameters
++++++++++

The **Custom UV** node accepts the following parameters:

* *Inputs* is the number of alternate shapes in the input (1, 4 or 16). Images containing several
  shapes can easily be created using the **Tile2x2** node.

* *Scale X and Scale Y* are the scale along X and Y axes applied to each instance.

* *Rnd Rotate* is the maximum angle of the random rotation applied to each instance.

* *Rnd Scale* is the amount of random scaling applied to each instance.

* *UV Mode* defines the behavior beyond the limits for the input UV:

    * **Clamp** stretches the edges
    * **Repeat** tiles the input UV
    * **Extend** shows parts of the input UV that are beyond the edges

* *Variations*: if checked, the node will deform different variations of its input
  (i.e. roll a different seed for each instance)
