material_maker/doc/nodes_filter.rst, before:

Filter nodes
------------

The filter nodes accept one or several inputs and generate one or several images.

.. toctree::
	:maxdepth: 1

	node_filter_invert
	node_filter_brightnesscontrast
	node_filter_adjusthsv
	node_filter_tones
	node_filter_tones_map
	node_filter_tones_step
	node_filter_tones_range
	node_filter_auto_tones
	node_filter_greyscale
	node_filter_tonality
	node_filter_colorize
	node_filter_colormap
	node_filter_blend
	node_filter_combine
	node_filter_decompose
	node_filter_swapchannels
	node_filter_normal_map
	node_filter_normal_convert
	node_filter_normal_blend
	node_filter_blur
	node_filter_blur_fast
	node_filter_blur_directional
	node_filter_blur_slope
	node_filter_edge_detect
	node_filter_sharpen
	node_filter_emboss
	node_filter_occlusion
	node_filter_quantize
	node_filter_dilate
	node_filter_bevel
	node_filter_fill
	node_filter_fill_from_colors
	node_filter_fill_to_position
	node_filter_fill_to_size
	node_filter_fill_to_color
	node_filter_fill_to_random_grey
	node_filter_fill_to_random_color
	node_filter_fill_to_uv
	node_filter_fill_to_orientation
	node_filter_fill_to_gradient
	node_filter_math
	node_filter_vec3_math
	node_filter_smooth_minmax
	node_filter_maketileable
	node_filter_pixelize
	node_filter_supersample
	node_filter_smoothcurvature
	node_filter_smoothcurvature2
	node_filter_denoiser
	node_filter_palettize
	node_filter_binary_smooth
	node_filter_hbao
	node_filter_color_conversion
	node_filter_alterhsv
	node_filter_normal_to_height

Commit message:

Add documentation for colorspace nodes

material_maker/doc/nodes_filter.rst, after:

Filter nodes
------------

The filter nodes accept one or several inputs and generate one or several images.

.. toctree::
	:maxdepth: 1

	node_filter_invert
	node_filter_brightnesscontrast
	node_filter_adjusthsv
	node_filter_alterhsv
	node_filter_convert_from_to_rgb
	node_filter_tones
	node_filter_tones_map
	node_filter_tones_step
	node_filter_tones_range
	node_filter_auto_tones
	node_filter_greyscale
	node_filter_tonality
	node_filter_colorize
	node_filter_colormap
	node_filter_blend
	node_filter_combine
	node_filter_decompose
	node_filter_swapchannels
	node_filter_normal_map
	node_filter_normal_convert
	node_filter_normal_blend
	node_filter_blur
	node_filter_blur_fast
	node_filter_blur_directional
	node_filter_blur_slope
	node_filter_edge_detect
	node_filter_sharpen
	node_filter_emboss
	node_filter_occlusion
	node_filter_quantize
	node_filter_dilate
	node_filter_bevel
	node_filter_fill
	node_filter_fill_from_colors
	node_filter_fill_to_position
	node_filter_fill_to_size
	node_filter_fill_to_color
	node_filter_fill_to_random_grey
	node_filter_fill_to_random_color
	node_filter_fill_to_uv
	node_filter_fill_to_orientation
	node_filter_fill_to_gradient
	node_filter_math
	node_filter_vec3_math
	node_filter_smooth_minmax
	node_filter_maketileable
	node_filter_pixelize
	node_filter_supersample
	node_filter_smoothcurvature
	node_filter_smoothcurvature2
	node_filter_denoiser
	node_filter_palettize
	node_filter_binary_smooth
	node_filter_hbao
	node_filter_color_conversion
	node_filter_normal_to_height
	node_filter_colorspace_roundtrip
