material_maker/doc/node_filter_anisotropic_kuwahara.rst, before:

Anisotropic Kuwahara node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The **Anisotropic Kuwahara** node applies a smoothing filter (while preserving the edges of the image)
to its input. This can be used to create stylized images with effects similar to painted brushstrokes.

.. image:: images/node_filter_anisotropic_kuwahara.png
	:align: center

Inputs
++++++

The **Anisotropic Kuwahara** node has a single input.

Outputs
+++++++

The **Anisotropic Kuwahara** node outputs the result of the smoothing filter.

Parameters
++++++++++

See also `Kuwahara node <https://docs.blender.org/manual/en/4.0/compositing/types/filter/kuwahara.html>`_
on Blender docs for more details on *Uniformity* and *Eccentricity*.

The **Anisotropic Kuwahara** node accepts the following parameters:

*  **Resolution** used to sample the input image.

*  **Size** of the filter. Higher values can produce more stylized results.

*  **Uniformity** of the image edges' directions.

*  **Sharpness** of the edges of the image.

*  **Eccentricity** affects the directionality of the filter.

Example images
++++++++++++++

.. image:: images/node_anisotropic_kuwahara_samples.png
	:align: center

Commit message:

Slightly better desc. for anisotropic kuwahara

material_maker/doc/node_filter_anisotropic_kuwahara.rst, after:

Anisotropic Kuwahara node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The **Anisotropic Kuwahara** node applies an edge-preserving smoothing filter to its input
which better preseves directional features over the classic kuwahara filter.
This can be used to create stylized images with effects similar to painted brushstrokes.

.. image:: images/node_filter_anisotropic_kuwahara.png
	:align: center

Inputs
++++++

The **Anisotropic Kuwahara** node has a single input.

Outputs
+++++++

The **Anisotropic Kuwahara** node outputs the result of the smoothing filter.

Parameters
++++++++++

See also `Kuwahara node <https://docs.blender.org/manual/en/4.0/compositing/types/filter/kuwahara.html>`_
on Blender docs for more details on **Uniformity** and **Eccentricity**.

The **Anisotropic Kuwahara** node accepts the following parameters:

*  **Resolution** used to sample the input image.

*  **Size** of the filter. Higher values can produce more stylized results.

*  **Uniformity** of the image edges' directions.

*  **Sharpness** of the edges of the image.

*  **Eccentricity** affects the directionality of the filter.

Example images
++++++++++++++

.. image:: images/node_anisotropic_kuwahara_samples.png
	:align: center
